- I think we should describe
everyone's situation first.
- Well, I just don't want anybody to leave
with their feelings hurt or feeling like,
my problems aren't big
enough and I feel ashamed
for talking about what
I have to deal with."
- Well, no one will feel like that.
- Well, you don't know that though!
(suspenseful music)
- [Man] Hi you guys.
- [Students] Hi!
- [Man] What do you
guys all have in common?
- [Students] We're in high school.
- [Man] What's high school like right now?
- It's hell!
- Yeah!
(Laughter)
- It's a fucking prison! Holy shit.
- [Man] The game is 1000 to one.
You decide who leaves with a 1000 dollars.
We're going to do four elimination rounds.
If you cannot decide,
nobody gets the money.
Round one! Begins!
- I think we should describe
everyone's situation first
very briefly.
Because we do not have a lot of time.
- We could do it that
way, or we could do like,
We have competitions and then--
- I feel like competitions
isn't the best idea because--
- Well, I just don't want anybody to leave
with their feelings hurt or feeling like,
"My problems aren't big enough,
"and I feel ashamed for talking about
"what I have to deal with."
- Well, no one will feel like that.
- Well, you don't know that though!
- If somebody says super personal
they wish they hadn't said
'cause they didn't end
up getting the money,
and it didn't help them, you know?
That could feel like, really bad,
or people could feel ashamed
about their problems.
Or like, "My problems aren't as big
"as somebody else's problems!"
I just don't want anybody to be like,
"Oh man, my life sucks but
I didn't get the money!"
- Because we're on a timer,
I feel like we should just like,
have someone like, say why
they need the 1000 dollars.
And in the end, we can
just all collectively...
- Okay.
- Say our thoughts.
- What I would do with
the 1000 is help start
an online clothing business.
- What kind of clothing
will you be selling?
- Just, like, t-shirts and
more like street-wear oriented.
I don't know like music artists...
Something to do with like pop culture.
- I want the 1000
dollars for my education.
I'm in full IB, so for
each test that you take,
you have to pay a certain amount.
- I'm a senior right now,
and I just wanna put the
money towards college.
And being able to afford, like textbooks
and college tuition, so...
- Well, obviously I easily
could've taken my girl out,
or get a Gucci belt or something but...
- This is a real man right here, okay?
- Actually, I'm taking
a like couple classes
in my high school that has
college credit towards it,
and it's like a good 600 dollars.
I need the other 400
because my sister, like,
handed me down her car
but, like, it's beat up.
I needed money to fix that.
- So most of my money goes to
like, paying my car insurance
and my like, school fees.
And then on top of that, I got
invited to a wedding Florida.
Whatever I had left over;
I tried to get a good
plane ticket over there,
so I could be at the wedding!
- I want to be a marine
biologist when I grow up.
I love the ocean, I love animals.
It's just where I get my
happiness from, really.
There's this trip to the Bahamas,
which is very, very expensive,
and a 1000 dollars would
help me go to that.
I feel like it would be
a super cool experience.
- Is it like a trip through
your school? Or like--
- No.
- So just a personal
interest thing? Right?
- Yeah.
- In my current home,
I'm pretty much left to
fund myself, basically.
And it really sucks because
the school that I go to,
they don't supply buses to my house area,
so I have to take Ubers like, everywhere.
And it's like...
- That's expensive.
- Yeah.
It's like a lot of stress on me.
And it's like...
I'm sorry, I'm getting emotional.
It's like I'm being
forced to grow up so fast,
and I'm only 16.
- [Man] Nina, were you the
one that said we shouldn't do
what we just did?
- Yes.
- [Man] Why?
- I don't know.
It can make people feel like
their reasons aren't good enough.
Or automatically make people feel like,
"We should give her the money!"
Or, "Give him the money!"
For this reason or that reason.
And not to say that isn't valid,
but everybody else is also valid.
And so I think if we decided
to do a random competition,
that's a way that nobody can feel attacked
or feel hurt by specific people.
- I feel the opposite, personally.
Because I just feel like we
should give it to the person
who needs it and who deserves it.
Because if she's working really hard
and she's trying to
just get through school,
that's a bigger than buying a plane ticket
or going on a trip.
Or something like that.
- I don't want it to
seem like coming off as,
"Oh, I'm using that as a pity--"
- [Students] No!
- That's like your reason!
I don't want anybody to feel bad.
I don't feel comfortable
talking about the stuff
I have going on at home that
would make a difference.
Like, I know we all have stuff going on
that we didn't bring up.
- [Man] You have a minute and 10 seconds.
- Okay.
Guys, we need to like...
We need to vote!
- Okay, this is one vote for Jordyn--
Me.
Eshel...
Who's that?
- [Man] Who wrote that?
- Me. I don't know how to
spell his name, I'm sorry.
- Just say NJ.
- His name is NJ.
- NJ!
- One for Kalid.
- Obviously.
- One for Nina.
Another one for Kalid.
Another one for me.
And one for EJ.
- [Man] So there's a tie?
- Yeah.
- [Man] How do you guys want to do it?
Vote again?
Or do you want them to decide?
- Just vote.
- Just vote. Just vote.
- I know I'm gonna be out, so just vote.
- [Man] Why?
- Because. I don't know, everyone
has something against me.
So...
- I don't have anything against you.
- See, this is what I
didn't want to happen.
If somebody gets hurt
by what's happening--
- I'm not hurt!
- Well, but you're saying like,
"Everybody has something against me!"
So if we just did random competitions,
nobody would feel that way.
- Yeah, that's a good idea.
- I have one for Kalid, one for Jordyn,
two for Kalid, three for
Kalid, and one for Jordyn.
- Sorry, Kalid.
- So, its three to two.
- [Students] Sorry.
- [Man] How's everybody doing?
- It was a lot.
- That was emotional.
- That was deep! (laughs)
- [Man] Are you okay?
- Yeah. I mean, I kinda expected it.
I mean, going into this
I kind of expected to
be the first one out.
- Aw.
- So, I have nothing against any of you.
- [Man] You guys ready?
- [Students] Yes.
- [Man] All right, we've started.
- I feel like we should do
something fun, you know?
Something to bring up the mood.
- I think we should just do random stuff.
Like who can name the
most countries in Europe,
who can stand on one foot the longest.
I'm just saying random stuff.
- Maybe who can stand on
one foot the longest maybe?
- Should we do that? One leg standing up--
First one fallen out?
- Sure!
- Ooh! That's-- Shoes coming off!
- Three, two, one. Foot up.
(intense music)
(laughs)
- Couch.
- I'm Buddhist, everybody, so
I do this like 10 times a day.
- How about you do challenges?
To throw you guys off?
How about you guys have to spin around?
- This feels easier!
- This is so--
- Is there anything else we could do?
- How about you stop,
since I don't know if you guys are dizzy.
- I'm out.
- Are you out?
- [Man] How do you feel?
Do you think that was fair? Doing the...
- No.
- Did you say no?
- No, it's not fair!
- I don't think anybody had,
like, an upper-hand in that.
- I'ma be hella mean.
I'm gonna be so mean.
- [Students] Whoa!
- Okay. Drama!
Lets make it interesting.
- So we're not gonna listen
to the couch, right guys?
- [Man] Who's the leader here?
- Nina.
- I feel like it's the three of us.
Nina!
- [Man] Are you hearing the couch?
- Yeah, I hear it very well.
- Yeah.
(laughs)
- Well I think you're saying that
because in the very beginning, I was like,
"Let's do challenges."
- No, I'm not saying that because of that.
You keep influencing everyone.
- How?
How am I influencing people?
- I think she's just trying
to make everything work.
- Is it cool if we just stop getting input
from the couch for a little bit?
'Cause this is between--
in conclusion of us five.
Do people agree?
- That's a fair point.
- I agree.
- Yeah.
- Okay. Are we starting the
next round yet, or not yet?
- [Man] I'm gonna start it now.
- What was your reasoning again, NJ?
- Pay for my IB testing.
- EJ, what about you?
What are you gonna do with
the money for your girlfriend?
- I was gonna take her out
probably to a nice dinner.
She has like some car insurance
that she needs to pay off.
So, I would help her with that.
- If he needs it for his girlfriend,
then I think his girlfriend
would've been a better candidate
to come on the set.
- But that's the thing,
like, that wasn't my reason.
My reason was--
- School fees, right?
- It's a lot deeper than what I said,
but I don't want to get into it.
- Yeah, same.
- I understand.
- I have to pay for school stuff,
but the reasoning underneath that
is that my family also can't pay for it.
And it's stuff that I...
Like, nobody knows.
And I'm not allowed to talk about.
So I literally, even though
I want to use it as a reason,
because it is valid, like, I can't.
- So, can we think of anything
else we can do that's like--
- Honestly, just vote someone out!
- Red light, green light!
- What can we do, EJ?
- Shit, I don't know.
- [Students] (laughter)
- You wanna do something
physical, something like a quiz?
- That quiz sounds pretty...
- Yeah, we can do like a quiz on--
- Can I quiz you on ocean facts?
- Ocean facts!
- What about writing down in the bowl
like we did in the first round?
- You wanna do that?
- Writing down what?
- We can do that! Yeah!
- Based off of what? You know?
- Just like how we feel.
- Just in general? Okay.
(pen noise)
- NJ.
NJ.
- No, that's--
- Oh, that's EJ. Sorry.
- Oh, that's confusing.
- Yeah.
- NJ.
EJ.
- What?
- Oh my gosh.
- EJ.
Oh, man.
- All right.
- You were really nice.
I really liked you.
- EJ! Come join us!
- Okay, not to be weird but like--
Asian gang!
- Asian gang!
- [Man] How you doing?
- It sucks! It does,
like I'm not 'finna cap.
It sucks.
But, they chose.
- [Man] Are you guys ready?
- Think of something fun,
creative, outside of the box,
that we can--
- How about the drawing contest?
- All right, let's have
a drawing contest then!
- And then are we voting? Or who's voting?
- Let's have the couch vote.
- No, because they have their preferences.
- No, but you shuffle it so
we don't know who's it is.
- [Students] Oh!
- That's a good idea.
- Yeah, let's do that!
- Okay that's fair.
- Wait, what are we gonna draw?
- Let them decide.
- Draw, like, an octopus.
- Okay!
(intense music)
- God dang it! I messed up already!
- You guys wanna play like,
rock, paper, scissors together?
(laughs)
- I'm chilling.
- This is also probably how
like, children would decide.
- We're literally children.
- This is gonna be the best
damn octopus I've ever drawn.
- So, how's your girlfriend?
- Oh, come on, dog.
- Are we done? Are we ready?
- I'm ready.
- Okay, this one.
That's cute!
It has little blush and
little kawaii cheeks.
Ollie the Octo is hungry.
The oct--
The next octopus-- (mumbles)
- To be honest, it's a little scary.
The eyes are like--
- To be honest it's really--
- It's kinda creeping me out.
- And then this one.
- It's another little creepy one.
- No, it's all right.
Actually, the eyes are
kind of on point though.
'Cause they do kinda come out.
So the one that we picked--
- I already see it.
- For the loser, is the scary one.
- Okay. I'm out!
- Aw! I'm sorry! I'm so sorry.
I feel really bad.
- Hi, guys! (groans)
I have a stomachache, oh my god.
- How do you guys feel about that?
Like how we did that last voting?
- I liked it.
But I also didn't like it.
(Laughter)
- It was fair.
- You guys think this round was more fair
than the previous rounds?
- Yeah, for sure.
- Did you want me out?
Did you want me out?
- No!
Actually, most of the people
that I want in the final three
are there, but just like, not all of them.
- What'd you say?
- I said most of the people
on the couch right now
are what I wanted on the final three.
- [Students] Aw!
- [Man] Most.
- [Male Student] Most.
- Most?
- One of you aren't my favorite.
- [Man] I'm going to
start this final round.
You have to decide who's the one person
that leaves with the money.
- What were you going to say?
- I feel like we should...
For this last round we should like...
You know, obviously state our opinions.
- You guys want our opinions? Or no?
- No?
As long as we don't know if
they're singling one of us out,
or something then I think that's fair.
Okay, yeah. We'll hear it. Sure.
- I'd say Heather.
I don't know, you just
like, have an impact on me.
- Yeah, what do you think, EJ?
- Uh, I would say Heather too.
Don't take it as like, pity.
Like, "They're pitying me!"
It's like if you need it, you need it.
- I would also say Heather.
I honestly think that she needs it.
- Earlier I said Heather, so
I'm gonna keep that decision.
- Hearing everyone's opinion
and everyone's stories,
I cannot can compare myself
to what you two are going through.
I live in a city where there's
a lot of things accessible.
I have a job, you know?
I have great supporting
parents, so I just want...
I wanna vote myself off.
Just because you guys
deserve a lot more than I do.
I'm definitely going to vote
but, it's gonna be kinda hard.
So, I'm opting myself out!
I'm just gonna sit over here.
- So like, specifically,
what are you going to use the money for?
'Cause I know you have like,
a lot of stuff going on.
- I would probably use really it for a car
because my main thing is
transportation and getting around.
Because for school...
That's like, for getting there, 10 bucks.
For getting back, 10 bucks.
For going to work, 10 bucks.
It's a lot of money.
- Yeah.
- Going straight to transportation
when I could be using
it for better things.
Like for school.
- How many hours do you work?
- Upwards of 30.
- Okay, so you work like, a full job
and then you also do
school on top of that.
So you probably work that many
hours because you have to.
To pay for like,
for food, and your
transportation, and stuff.
I mean, I'm going to give
it to Heather if you are.
I'm pretty cool with that.
- Yeah. I'm totally fine.
- I think we're going
to give it to Heather.
- I just feel really bad.
- This is not pity thing.
This is obviously a really big need, so.
- Yeah.
- Yeah!
We're set.
(Applause)
- Can we do a group hug?
- Yeah!
- Can we all do a group hug?
- Thank you!
- [Man] How was this
experience for you guys?
- It was a lot more than I anticipated.
- Well, it's not an easy
thing to do to be like,
"This is why I should get money,
"and none of you guys should get money."
It's just like a weird situation to be in.
- [Man] Yeah.
Did anything surprise you
about your behavior today?
- Yeah. I was really mean
and I wasn't expecting that.
I had a lot of rage and I don't
usually have that much rage.
So, It kinda just surprised me.
- I didn't know I'd be so vulnerable.
And like I'm not an emotional person.
So like, it was a good thing.
- When you need something really bad,
you're willing to sacrifice what you...
What you usually do.
I'd say.
(applause)
(chatter)
- Oh my god.
- Dinner is on me, you guys!
McDonald's for everyone! (laughs)
(dramatic classical music)